Notes.md, before:

Misc notes
----------

### 020-punctuation.tt

* Lines 117–123 - It's impossible to demonstrate the appeared wrapping in this example because of the fluid layout
* Line 205 - Seems incoherent
* Line 225 - Footnote seems incoherent
* Line 245 - I think the reason for is to reduce ambiguity, as you couldn't tell which was which otherwise. That it's this way around and not the other is just an historical coincidence.
* Line 250 - >Implying logical coherence in adverbs
* Line 256 - I added a footnote about large numbers
* Line 260 - It took me a while to realise what this line was talking about, because without a monospaced font it's hard to see the difference. I put them in a code block so that it's easier to see the difference.

### 040-style.tt

* Line 24 - I was about to sharpie all over this bastard until I read the next paragraph...
* Line 30 - Is the Comic Sans necessary? In any case, this paragraph probably needs touching up.
* Line 68 - Comment on FimFiction removed since it's incorrect

Commit message:

finished that butt-ugly colours section

Notes.md, after:

Misc notes
----------

Section on prepositions will probably be moved/superseded by the grammar section.

### 020-punctuation.tt

* Lines 117–123 - It's impossible to demonstrate the appeared wrapping in this example because of the fluid layout
* Line 205 - Seems incoherent
* Line 225 - Footnote seems incoherent
* Line 245 - I think the reason for is to reduce ambiguity, as you couldn't tell which was which otherwise. That it's this way around and not the other is just an historical coincidence.
* Line 250 - >Implying logical coherence in adverbs
* Line 256 - I added a footnote about large numbers
* Line 260 - It took me a while to realise what this line was talking about, because without a monospaced font it's hard to see the difference. I put them in a code block so that it's easier to see the difference.

### 040-style.tt

* Line 24 - I was about to sharpie all over this bastard until I read the next paragraph...
* Line 30 - Is the Comic Sans necessary? In any case, this paragraph probably needs touching up.
* Line 68 - Comment on FimFiction removed since it's incorrect
